HSH-177: Added annotation and verification of verifybamid data (#28)
wtsi-hgi/wes-qc: docs/wes-qc-hail.md

### 0. Resource Preparation
All steps in this section need to be run only once before your first run. It prepares the reference dataset for the subsequent steps.

1. **Create the 1000G population prediction resource set**.

This resource set is required for the super-population prediction on the population PCA step.
Then you can reuse it with any data cohort.

```shell
spark-submit 0-resource_preparation/1-import_1kg.py --all
```

### 1. Load data

1. **Load VCFs into Hail and save as a Hail MatrixTable**

```shell
spark-submit 1-import_data/1-import_gatk_vcfs_to_hail.py
```

2. **Annotate metadata**

This script annotates samples with all provided metadata:
VerifyBamId Freemix score, self-reported sex, self-reported ethnicity, etc.

If you don't have some (or even any) of these annotations,

> put `null` instead of the corresponding filename in the config file.

Reviewer: specify the key to put it as `null` i.e. `verifybamid_selfsm`

Author: Added.

> For each available annotation, the script outputs the list of samples that don't have annotations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each available annotation, the script prints out the list of samples that don't have annotations to the console.
```

Author: Changed.

For the Freemix score it performs validation and saves the Freemix plot.

```shell
spark-submit 1-import_data/2-import_annotations.py
```

> **Note:** Now, only Freemix annotation is supported. Working on other annotations is in progress.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** Now, only Freemix annotation is supported. Work on other annotations is in progress.
```

Author: Changed
